he who is often rebuked and hardens his
he who is often rebuked and hardens his neck will suddenly be destroyed and that
neck will suddenly be destroyed and that
neck will suddenly be destroyed and that without remedy when the righteous are in
without remedy when the righteous are in
without remedy when the righteous are in authority the people rejoice but when a
authority the people rejoice but when a
authority the people rejoice but when a wicked man rules the people groan
wicked man rules the people groan
wicked man rules the people groan whoever loves wisdom makes his father
whoever loves wisdom makes his father
whoever loves wisdom makes his father rejoice but a companion of harlots
rejoice but a companion of harlots
rejoice but a companion of harlots wastes his wealth the King establishes
wastes his wealth the King establishes
wastes his wealth the King establishes the land by justice but he who receives
the land by justice but he who receives
the land by justice but he who receives bribes overthrows it a man who flatters
bribes overthrows it a man who flatters
bribes overthrows it a man who flatters his neighbor spreads a net for his feet
his neighbor spreads a net for his feet
his neighbor spreads a net for his feet by transgression an evil man is snared
by transgression an evil man is snared
by transgression an evil man is snared but the righteous sings and rejoices the
but the righteous sings and rejoices the
but the righteous sings and rejoices the righteous considers the cause of the
righteous considers the cause of the
righteous considers the cause of the poor but the wicked does not understand
poor but the wicked does not understand
poor but the wicked does not understand such knowledge scoffers set a city of
such knowledge scoffers set a city of
such knowledge scoffers set a city of lame but wise men turn away wrath if a
lame but wise men turn away wrath if a
lame but wise men turn away wrath if a wise man contends with a foolish man
wise man contends with a foolish man
wise man contends with a foolish man whether the fool rages or laughs there
whether the fool rages or laughs there
whether the fool rages or laughs there is no peace the bloodthirsty hate the
is no peace the bloodthirsty hate the
is no peace the bloodthirsty hate the blameless but the upright seek is well
blameless but the upright seek is well
blameless but the upright seek is well being a fool vents all his feelings but
being a fool vents all his feelings but
being a fool vents all his feelings but a wise man holds them back if a ruler
a wise man holds them back if a ruler
a wise man holds them back if a ruler pays attention to lies all his servants
pays attention to lies all his servants
pays attention to lies all his servants become wicked the poor man and the
become wicked the poor man and the
become wicked the poor man and the oppressor have this in common the Lord
oppressor have this in common the Lord
oppressor have this in common the Lord gives light to the eyes of both
gives light to the eyes of both
gives light to the eyes of both the king who judges the poor with truth
the king who judges the poor with truth
the king who judges the poor with truth his throne will be established forever
his throne will be established forever
his throne will be established forever the rod and rebuke could give wisdom but
the rod and rebuke could give wisdom but
the rod and rebuke could give wisdom but a Child Left to himself bringeth mother
a Child Left to himself bringeth mother
a Child Left to himself bringeth mother when the wicked are multiplied
when the wicked are multiplied
when the wicked are multiplied transgression increases but the
transgression increases but the
transgression increases but the righteous will see their fall correct
righteous will see their fall correct
righteous will see their fall correct your son and he will give you rest yes
your son and he will give you rest yes
your son and he will give you rest yes he will give to light to your soul where
he will give to light to your soul where
he will give to light to your soul where there is no revelation the people cast
there is no revelation the people cast
there is no revelation the people cast off restraint but happy is he who keeps
off restraint but happy is he who keeps
off restraint but happy is he who keeps the law a servant will not be corrected
the law a servant will not be corrected
the law a servant will not be corrected by mere words for though he understands
by mere words for though he understands
by mere words for though he understands he will not respond do you see a man
he will not respond do you see a man
he will not respond do you see a man hasty in his words there is more hope
hasty in his words there is more hope
hasty in his words there is more hope for a fool than for him he who Pampas
for a fool than for him he who Pampas
for a fool than for him he who Pampas his servant from childhood will have him
his servant from childhood will have him
his servant from childhood will have him as a son in the end an angry man stirs
as a son in the end an angry man stirs
as a son in the end an angry man stirs up strife and a furious man abounds in
up strife and a furious man abounds in
up strife and a furious man abounds in transgression a man's pride will bring
transgression a man's pride will bring
transgression a man's pride will bring him low but the humble in spirit will
him low but the humble in spirit will
him low but the humble in spirit will retain honor
retain honor
whoever is a partner with a thief hates
whoever is a partner with a thief hates his own life he swears to tell the truth
his own life he swears to tell the truth
his own life he swears to tell the truth but reveals nothing the fear of man
but reveals nothing the fear of man
but reveals nothing the fear of man brings a snare but whoever trusts in the
brings a snare but whoever trusts in the
brings a snare but whoever trusts in the Lord shall be safe many seek the rulers
Lord shall be safe many seek the rulers
Lord shall be safe many seek the rulers favour but justice for man comes from
favour but justice for man comes from
favour but justice for man comes from the Lord an unjust man is an abomination
the Lord an unjust man is an abomination
the Lord an unjust man is an abomination to the righteous and he who is upright
to the righteous and he who is upright
to the righteous and he who is upright in the way is an abomination to the
in the way is an abomination to the
in the way is an abomination to the wicked